Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
today. Well, I haven't been with you
since the opening ceremonies. I
did the video on Thursday and I've taken
some time to pray and seek the Lord.
Everything the Lord showed us concerning
the opening ceremony was very dark.
He said it would be conjuring up old
Hitler spirits and old demonic ties. I
saw the green finger. Does anybody
remember that? I saw the green finger on
Thursday and it tapped the tablet three times. I don't
remember if I told you all this publicly
or not. It
was pointing to demonic
writing on onyx black tablets.
I
believe it was conjuring.
If I don't say the right English
word, folks, I'm sorry.
I try really hard to use
bigger words, but I'm not really
educated when it comes to stuff like
that. I have to ask Diana what some
things even mean. But I'm going
to tell you when I say
'summoning,'they're
summoning
the old demonic spirits.
I'm saying they're
trying to rebirth
it—rebirth
the Hitler spirit that was on
the nations that brought forth World War
II through sacrifice of humans and all
these other things. I saw it in the
spirit and the Lord showed it to me. So
I'm just trying to relay to you
that
they're conjuring up
whatever word you want to use.
I saw them
doing satanic practices, bringing forth
old spells and old things through ancient
tablets in Europe—things that they have
found that are old demonic ties.
And the Lord said, 'Watch the
Olympics opening
ceremony.'I
have heard Rick Renner preach
about that arch. Does anybody have it?
Comment down below if you have ever
heard Rick Renner's sermon concerning the
arch and what he said it represented
concerning Hitler and the
Holocaust and things like that.
I don't want to misquote a man of
God like that who is that educated. He
is so astute, a very educated man
about the Greek. I
remember I even talked to Pastor
Candace and other people
that I've known. I've asked, 'Do you
remember anybody teaching this?'because I
thought it was Sister Billye Brim,
because she teaches a lot of eschatology,
end-time
teachings and
things like that, or it was
Hilton Sutton or one of them. I was
thinking no, it was Rick Renner,
and I
reached out through his thing
trying to find the sermon. I can't
find it. So if you know where that
sermon is and it talks about the
arch,
the arch is where they did the satanic
practice. They put that ball there
and said,
'Oh, it didn't mean
anything.'They're
not going to come out
and say, 'This is devil worship'on the
screen, folks. They're coming
out as subtle as they can. But you
can't be too subtle if you have any kind
of spiritual
discernment at all. Anybody who has
eyes to see is going to see what that
was. And that was dark. You could feel
the occult all around it. Like I
said, if you didn't feel it, then I
would check your wood because it's
probably very wet. It was very dark.
You could see the fire and all the stuff
and that was some kind of ceremony
regardless of what they say.
Don't fool yourself.
They lit it on fire. The
pentagram shooting and doing all that—if
you freeze-frame
it, you could
see the pentagram of the devil symbol
right in that ball as it was going up.
But
where were they doing it? In that
arch that had to do with the
Holocaust and the things to do with
what Rick Renner taught about years
ago concerning the Jews and
the Jewish culture.
It's not
a
coincidence they picked that
monument with the arch. That's not
normal. Why did they pick that?
It was closest to Rome,
closest to these places where we
see this demonic display coming before
the people as a
summoning
to the demonic. Now, I know I use
words that are probably not in the English
vocabulary, but it's a conjuring up, a
summoning of demonic spirits
to bring forth World War
II. We saw President Trump have an
emergency meeting with Bibi in Israel
right at the White House this week.
Major things, escalation of things
concerning Iran. I believe we're on
the verge of something major taking
place with
Iran—the
Valley of
Decision, all that's coming to a head.
If this kicks off into a major
world war with Iran and other
nations like Syria,
the surprise attack... I went
into heavy intercession praying for
Israel in a surprise attack in the
middle of the night. We keep seeing the
surprise attack in the middle of the
night. What is this? What are these
major false flag events? And
you
say,
'Brandon,
what is
that?'I
told you I saw the Illuminati.
I've told you I've seen dark men
and women trying to distract from the
Epstein list. Another thing I thought
was interesting: Diana got this email
from somebody who said, 'Did you see
that the Epstein list got hacked
into?'I
said, 'Was it
anonymous?'They
found Pam Bondi leaked the codes on
accident—supposedly
put the codes out to
Epstein's list, his Apple account, and
all his stuff.
They redacted it or
whatever, but they were saying
it got leaked, his passcodes.
So somebody got in
and was able to look through
things in depth that
weren't
redacted. I
thought, 'Is this anonymous? Is this part
of what the Lord showed us, that greater
embarrassing moments concerning
politicians would come out in the days
ahead?'Things
that wouldn't be blacked
out
to expose the darkness, but a ransom of
over $40 million.
There were things that I saw. And the
Lord said to me, 'This is just
the beginning.
The three million emails that were
leaked is just the beginning.'I truly
believe we're going to see more of that
in the days ahead—more things exposed
concerning California and the corruption
there,
concerning Oregon
and Washington across
this nation going into the midterms.
We have what, nine months left
until the midterms? Maybe
ten?
We're coming
down to the countdown of nine
months left until the midterms are here.
It's coming quick, and it's amazing to
me how time flies. We're already almost halfway
through February.
Another thing I thought was
interesting about the opening
ceremony is the Lord kept talking about
portals. The little thing that was on
the ground they kept focusing on
looked like a
portal. Then when the countries
walked through it, it looked like a
portal. This was the same thing I
told you—focus on what was going on with
CERN
portals. I said this is like Stargate.
Stargate exists; there's some kind
of portal they're tampering with
that will be for demonic
purposes.
I thought it was interesting that
all the countries walked through the ring
and it looked like Stargate. Then what
was on the ground looked like a portal.
It looked like a hypnotic wheel.
It looked very hypnotic to me. If you
look at it while
it spins,
they kept focusing on the center of it
and they had those whatever those things
were running around.
As we see the
closing ceremony in two weeks,
I'm curious to see what happens.
The 250 years...
and President Trump
calling for that prayer breakfast
on May
17th to have a National Day of Prayer
and rededication of the nation of
America back to God, calling this
one nation under God.
He's in that valley of decision. You
know what's been interesting, y'all?
I'll tell you this before we go to pray.
The Lord said to me privately,
'You're going to start to walk in a
different type of gift;
it
is going to start to change a little bit
on your life for healings,
demonstrations, and manifestations of
glory.'As
I've been going along,
I'll be walking by somebody and the
Lord will download and tell me immediately
what they're going through and how
they're overcoming in their body. Or
somebody asks me for
prayer and I'll touch them, and the Lord
will show me more about what's going on
deeper in their body, in their hearts, and
all kinds of things. It's
been very interesting, and
unless I'm underneath that
anointing and that cloak comes on
me—as
I said, if it's not there, it's
not there—I don't use him; he uses me.
I've said that just like Kathryn
Kuhlman
said it a thousand times: 'I
don't use him; he uses me.'Even in
this video, I'm just waiting on him.
I'll wait on the glory. I wait on the
presence of the Lord. But it's been
interesting; it will come on like a
light switch when
I'm just walking by and the Lord
says,
'That person right there can't sleep at
night. Pray for
them.'And
I go, 'What?
Really?'So
I say, and they go, 'That's
exactly
right.'And
it's happening, and
it's been interesting. As
I have gone through the last couple of
weeks, it's increasing, and
it's not that
I
turn it on, but when it
turns on by the Holy Ghost, he just tells
me things. It's been interesting how
it's been evolving—I hate to even use the
word 'evolving'because that's not a good
word—going
from
glory to glory. That's a better word; it's
going from glory to glory,
and it's been amazing to watch the
hand of the Lord concerning things. Even
as
I was saying, there was a lady
sitting where we
were
attending church.
She was an
elderly woman, and I was clear across the
auditorium, and the Lord said, 'Do you see
that lady? I want you to give her a word
after church service.'He said,
'Tell her her bones are going to get stronger,'and
gave details
about her personal health
and all this stuff. So I was walking
out of the church service because I was
trying to get out quick, and the Lord
said, 'You didn't do what I told you to
do.'I
said, 'What did you tell me to
do? Oh yeah, the lady.'So I ran over
there and I said, 'The
Lord told me to tell you...'She goes, 'I got
a bad doctor's report concerning my
bones on
Friday.'She
goes, 'Wow.'It was to
reverse the curse. You understand? The
doctor had a bad report, but God had a
better one. You're going to live long
and finish strong, and your bones are
going to get stronger.
Things are going to start happening to
your health. There was
more to the word, but that's not for
the public. I thought it was interesting
how the gift of the Lord that he's
put on me
started to change.
As we see in these last
days, he's going to use signs and
wonders to really help the people. I
truly believe we're entering into a time
of the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen.
But he wants us all strong.
He wants us the whole
man—spiritually,
physically, mentally, emotionally,
financially—the
whole man,
so that we finish strong.
Right now, there's not been a lot of
stuff I've seen, especially in
America, with creative miracles and
things like that. So I'm believing
God for the beginning stages of what he
said to me since I've been
a kid: creative miracles, healings, and
signs and wonders will follow them that
believe. So it's exciting. I'm excited
to see first the blade, then the ear,
then the full manifestation. I believe
we're starting to see some fruit of
this. And that's why I wanted to tell
y'all I was excited about it.
So all glory to God. All that
we say in word and in deed, we give all
to the glory of God. And so we've been
listening to Kathryn Kuhlman and
listening to our faith teachings,
stirring
ourselves
up and seeking him during this
time.
I'm just thankful that you all show up
and want to pray with me. That's what
I had for you.
I try not to make the videos redundant.
I look back
at some of the old videos I've done and
criticize my own videos,
but I want it to always be
a place of refreshing,
that we're not making a video just to
make a video,
but
that this is a place where you can come
and get a drink
spiritually—get
refreshed for your week, for your
day, for your hour, or whatever you're
going through—and just walk away and
say, 'Man, I feel better about my life
today. Not by what Brandon did, but
by the Holy Spirit leading
us.'I'm
so thankful that he
would use us in these last days.
That's why I told
Braden—we've
gone
over our videos a lot this last
week—did
it attract, whenever it was accurate
about the Olympics, to
Jesus or did it attract to us? I
always want to deflect.
We have this treasure in
earthen
vessels, that the excellency of the power may
be
of him and not of us.
Regardless of what you see
and what we say or whatever is on the
news, it's always to give
God glory.
I need you to know that over
and over again.
This is about Brandon decreasing and
the Holy Spirit increasing,
so
that you realize he wants to do
something amazing in your life.
Every single time I come on here, it's
always to lead you to Jesus
and to the cross, to tell you
that God loves you and has a plan for
your life. It's not about how Brandon
has this or that. I'm telling you, if
you realize how much I deal with my own
stuff—and
I'm sure there's a lot of you who
go,
'Yeah, we can see it'—whatever,
I
just want to let you all know that
we're all a work in progress.
I'm so grateful. I
take this time and just dedicate it to
him.
I go back to what was the fruit
of the channel in the first place. What
did he tell us to do? Teach people to
pray. Pray with the people. Tell them
something encouraging. Teach them about
anointing their house with oil. Teach
them that there's
a
heaven to gain and a hell to shun. You
know, how much can I relay
to you where we are in these end times?
To yell at the top of my lungs
that Jesus Christ is coming. As you see
the signs of the times in the fig tree
right now, all around you,
my goodness, folks,
wake up
and
look around us.
The signs of the times are accelerating
at such a rapid pace, it's almost hard
for me to believe. And I'm the one
telling you it's coming;
it shocked me and my wife and my kids.
Another
thing I thought was interesting: do you
remember I said I saw the three going
down the mountain? Lindsey
Vonn
fell and broke her
leg. Her number was 13. I didn't see the
13; I saw a three, and it was purple, and
I saw it on the downhill.
I said something will happen
going downhill.
I saw her number is 13
on her outfits.
But I saw the number
three, and the Lord kept
talking to me about February and
these things, and I
knew it had something to do with the
Olympics. I
hear in part
and
see in part, and I've learned not
to
add to or take away from anything.
But whenever I'm talking to you, I try to
work it out in my mind. What
did we see? Number three, we saw this
13, the skiing
down the hill, and then that girl had to
be medically
evacuated
because she
messed her leg up so bad. And I thought
that's kind of interesting,
you know? I don't know. Where are we
with all that?
I pray over these things and like I
said, I go down these trails with things
and pray. I heard one prophetic
person talk about Candace Owens and the
things about her opening doors. There
are
so many different things that
we've heard over the last year
or
two years, and you start to see
them in the news.
It's happening so quickly
that after a while you go,
'Does anybody else see how quickly things
are happening and escalating
with wars and rumors of wars, the plagues,
and
things happening?'The
biolabs in
Nevada
with all the stuff, where he was injecting
stuff with mice and doing all the things
he was doing, and I thought, 'Where have we
heard this for
biolabs?
The Lord's told us about
biolabs.'I
just go,
'God, I'm so thankful that you would
want to talk to me
and tell us what's coming
regardless of what we see
right now.'It kind of makes your flesh
squirm a little bit,
but I keep my eyes... I listened to Kathryn
Kuhlman
today and she said, 'Don't focus
on tomorrow. Just focus on today,
for tomorrow will overwhelm you. You
only have the anointing to get through
today because God's given you and graced
you for today. Enjoy your wife. Enjoy
your husband. Enjoy your kids. Enjoy
your grandkids. Enjoy what God has
given you in the moment.'So, let's
go tubing for a little bit. We'll pray.
And if the Lord doesn't show us
anything, I don't know if he will. Like
I said, I don't use him, he uses me. So,
let's pray and we'll just take
communion. I always like to do that with
y'all.
Thank you for your support. Thank you
for being here. And let's take
communion. Let's pray and
let's just seek him for everything that
he has for us today. Father, I thank
you, Lord,
for your body that was broken for us.
Lord, we're so grateful that by your
stripes we're healed. You were wounded
for our transgressions. You were bruised
for our iniquities. The chastisement of
our peace was upon you, and with your
stripes, we're healed. And we take this
body in the name of Jesus
and we lift it up before you, Father.
And we thank you, Father, that we are in
the last of the last days.
Father, we're looking up for our
redemption draws nigh and we're healed
and whole and well. And as we start to
flow in the end-time giftings, as we
start to see the signs and wonders
follow them that believe, we're so
grateful. I'm so excited, Father, for
what we're about to see for healings and
demonstrations and manifestations,
raising of the dead, casting out
devils, and seeing what you
said—the
Great Commission—walking in the
fullness of it. Thank you, Father, for
all that you've given us. Thank you,
Lord, for all that you have provided for
us, for creative ideas to get
wealth, teaching us to go from glory to
glory. Father, it's the love of
money that's the root of all evil, not
money itself; it's the love of it. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you bless us in the city and the field,
coming in and going out. Father,
everything we put our hands to will
prosper today, and we lack no good thing.
Give us creative ideas. Give us favor
where there was no favor. Open doors that
would never open unless you touched it,
and
close doors
if we're trying to open the wrong one.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
footsteps of the righteous are ordered
of you concerning buying houses,
concerning land, concerning all of
it—that
we always are in the right place at
the right time, doing exactly what we're
supposed to do for the end-time harvest.
Father, I take this body in the name of
Jesus. We lift it up before you,
and we thank you, Father,
for what you did for us in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the
blood.
We apply the blood and we make much of
the blood, and the blood makes much of
us.
I apply the blood
in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that no weapon
formed against us will prosper. Every
tongue that rises against us, we condemn
it. And Father,
I thank you that the angels of the Lord
are camped around and about us, that
they bear us up in their hands lest we
dash our foot against a stone. I thank
you, Father, that we have eyes to see
what the Holy
Spirit's wanting to show us. We hear
your voice, and a stranger's voice we will
not follow. The greater one lives on the
inside of us. We apply the blood; as
he is, so are we in this world. And we
take the blood right now. And we thank
you, Lord. We make much of that blood.
Amen and amen. Do you believe it?
Thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father. The signs will
follow them that believe.
We believe. We're believing believers
and we're not doubters. We're overcomers
and
we thank you, Lord. What can wash away
my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
The blood, Father.
We make much of the blood today.
It never loses its power.
We thank you, Lord, that
it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, the blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day,
it will never
lose
its power.
Only
believe.
All things are possible.
Only
believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things
are possible. Lord, I believe. I see something.
Only believe; all things are possible when you only believe. Lord,
I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I
believe.
Only
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
Rise and be healed
in the name
of Jesus.
Let faith
arise in your soul.
Rise and be healed
in the name of Jesus.
It's interesting
when I was singing that just a
second ago, I saw the Mabee Center
with a cloud around
it.
And I saw a cloud that looked like a
donut
with a
hole in the middle
of it. But it was a cloud that was a
Shekinah
glory cloud that was resting on
the Mabee Center again.
It looked like it had lightning in it,
but it was pink and
purple
like a sunset.
And inside of this cloud was thick, like
I said, it looked like a side of
a donut. But
inside of the center of this, it went
around the whole Mabee Center. And in
the middle of it was a complete
void
with a cloud wrapped around. And it was
resting on the building.
And you can feel the glory looking at
it.
As I was singing that song, 'Only
Believe,'and
I thought, 'This will be a sign, won't
it, Lord?
This will be a sign when this
manifests
on the building
just right above the atmosphere above
it.
People will take pictures of it, won't
they?'Healings
and demonstrations
and manifestations. The old wells of
revival are coming uncapped. Oral
Roberts'tent
meeting healing
anointing is coming back
but through different people this time.
Oh Lord, I want to be used. I'll help
you.
Only
believe.
All things are possible.
Only
believe.
There'll be angelic visitations when
this happens.
And you'll hear the sound of the wings
in the auditorium as they blow.
They'll flap their wings and the
presence of the Lord will bring in
an
ushering of a mighty rushing wind. As
the angels of the Lord, I see them all
around in a circle.
I see them flapping their
wings, and as they clasp them together,
the
wings
of
the angels of the Lord are
flapping.
They're touching, but when they touch, it makes
a sound
like a clap, as if you
would clap your hands; their wings
are clapping. They're swinging like
this, and when they do, they're creating
a wind of the spirit all throughout the
auditorium—a
sound of a mighty rushing wind.
When it does, it will swirl in the
atmosphere and it will actually blow
people's
hair. I've seen this before;
it will blow their hair.
When you see people falling down,
they're clapping their wings. But
remember whenever I say I saw
the wind of the spirit moving
their hair as a whirlwind on the
individuals—instead
of all these people falling down
and you see them fall out in the glory, not
knowing
if it's a
courtesy fall or
not—I
see a whirlwind whipping people and
even the women's hair again.
I see it again. It will be as
the angels are
moving their wings and
clapping them together, and the
glory of the Lord is going to fill
the house
and
the auditorium with the
glory of the Lord.
And the Lord said, "I will visit the
auditoriums, these mega auditoriums like
the Mabee Center Center and other facilities
of sporting events—the glory
events—but
I will fill the churches
and the Shekinah glory will come like
gold dust on their skin. It will
be not something that they've imitated
or that is artificial or fake, but this
will be a real sign
of my glory, bringing
the residue of the anointing of the Holy
Ghost upon the people. There has been authentic in
the past, but there have been copycats too
that are fake, but you will see a great
manifestation of the glory on
people's skin
like shining gold,
almost like glitter.
I'm looking at the church
again. I see the church in Minnesota,
Living Word. He's about to do
something major in Living Word
with the new pastor, and even
with the younger people.
I see a major revival that has been
cultivated in prayer.
The Lord is about to
lift
the
veil, and all the hindrances
in the spirit are
being
removed.
You say, 'Well, why haven't
we seen it
yet?'It's
like a curtain before
a
show
begins—whenever
you go and
see the Nutcracker or a play,
you see the
curtain lifted back and it's about to
begin.
I don't know how else to describe it,
but it's thick and it's beautiful and
it's red
and it has gold at the bottom.
In this, a major move of God is
about to hit the churches and it'll
be his last call.
This is my last call. This is the
goodness of God that brings men to
repentance,
for I am giving one last call,
and the greatest demonstration and
manifestation of my glory will be upon
the auditorium of great cultivation of
prayer.
For behold, I will do a new thing, and
there will be oil on the
people—droplets—not
fake things that people try to do
as
a gimmick, but there will be
true
droplets of oil.
I hear droplets of rain out of nowhere.
There will be Holy Ghost oil on people's
skin and their hair.
Like someone taking
a leaf or a tree that has a lot of
rain in it and
shaking a
bush, and the droplets
come down—this is what it's like. It
will be on their skin,
their body, and their
clothes. The glory and the healing power
of the Lord will be there,
and it will smell like a fragrance from
heaven.
The oil will have its own fragrance,
like the Rose of Sharon. I
smell the fragrance of the
glory of honeysuckle.
They'll be trying to scrape it off their
skin to bottle it,
and there'll be flakes of gold dust in
it.
I see it by the spirit of God right now.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to visit the
auditoriums.
I'm going to visit the people. I'm going
to visit them in the
streets, in the
schools, and in your
car.'You'll
be driving down the road and the
glory of the Lord will surround your
car. Those that are around, even at
the stoplights, will see and
experience the glory as you pull up.
The glory of the Lord will
radiate out of your car into
the windows of those around you.
A sweet fragrance will fill
the atmosphere even at the stoplights.
People will see that God is good and
God is love and that he's come to set
the captives free. Even in this modern
day where sin
abounds, grace does much more abound.
You're about to see the glorious
church rise.
As you're worshiping in your car,
it'll feel like glorious clouds in
your car. You'll be driving down the
road and the glory will come out and people
will say,
'What is
that?'It's
the glory. You'll be in the
park having a church service and the
glory will fall; people will be lying out all over the
place.
Ask me and I'll do it.
Nothing
is off the table. Ask me according to my
word and I'll do
it—healings,
creative miracles.
Unusual things.
You're
looking just for the blinded eyes, but
I
will
do
exceedingly
abundantly
above all you dare ask or think.
Ask me for it.
Signs will follow them that believe:
creative miracles.
The glory is here.
As you speak it, it will manifest in
front of your face.
As you decree it out of your mouth,
it will
manifest. The Lord
says today,
'Say it and believe me for
bigger.'It
will line up with
my
word. Don't get off into Flakyville.
It
lines up with my word.
He said, 'Clarify that.'You say, 'I'm
believing for a car; I'm going to speak
a Ferrari in front of my face and it's
going to be there.'Don't be
disrespectful.
I'm talking about creative
miracles, demonstrations of the glory.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Heavenly sounds of worship.
You're going to hear angels sing with
you as you're in the services. I will
allow you to hear into the next
realm.
As you are singing, the atmosphere will
change and the glory of the Lord will
fill it. I will allow your ears
to hear the angel choirs singing with
you
and the saints,
the great cloud of witnesses,
the sound of worship from heaven.
As the glory fills, you will literally
hear and feel as on earth as it
is in heaven. You'll hear the sound
of
heaven on earth.
You'll feel the atmosphere shift. The
glory of the Lord will fill your house,
the glory of the Lord will fill the
temple, the glory of the Lord will fill
the school,
and you will know.
You will taste and see that the Lord is
good.
Nothing is off-limits concerning
healing. Do you understand
creative miracles? That's
more than a healing.
A healing is amazing,
but creative miracles
are
creative signs and wonders.
Some people say, 'Well, I believe for
healing,'but
you need a
miracle.
To see an arm grow back is a miracle;
that's not a healing.
To have a brand new heart,
new body parts, new things.
Do not become familiar
with the glory to the point where you
take it for granted and say, 'Oh,
it's just another glorious
service.'Oh,
who cares?
Honor it and respect it as a
treasure.
Treasure it
with great honor
and
great glory.
Oh Father, we worship you
for even the hangnail being healed. We
give you praise for the
thumbnail being healed. We give you
praise for that's what it was in
Azusa
Street. I'm telling you, Azusa Street
doesn't have nothing on what we're about
to see.
Azusa
Street was nothing compared to
what we're about to see.
I'm telling you—you think
porcelain veneers are
all—they've
got rotted teeth. God's
going to restore their teeth, grow new
teeth in their heads,
noses that were eaten up by drug abuse
restored back on their faces. You think
rhinoplasty? God has better rhinoplasty
than anybody you could ever imagine. Pop
new ears, new eyes, new whatever
you've
got. I'm telling you by the spirit of
God, it's time to believe him for
bigger.
Ask me for big.
Oh Father, we thank you Lord for the
glory.
Thank you, Father, for the
manifestations.
I see the churches, Father. I see
the tents. There
have
been so many Pharisees that have
tried to hold it back.
So many legalistic Pharisees in the
church that will try to hold
it back.
I will deal with the false religion. I
will deal with the
self-righteous.
That's what he said:
'It's a stench to me.'It's a stench to
him. Self-righteous.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Shake in the
church, Father.
church. The glory
of the Lord is rising.
Let the glory of the Lord rise among us.
Let it rise.
Oh,
let it rise.
Let the praises of the King
rise among us.
This is going to be a lot of fun.
Braden,
you won't want to go home.
You know, heaven on earth. Services
that won't let
out—services
that will last 24 hours, seven days a
week. You're going to have the right
staff to do it, where the
glory fills the auditorium and you just
have people in the glory.
They come in and they're just
getting refreshed. They're getting
touched from the Holy Ghost and they
go out and dump it on the world.
It's not to contain it and dam it up
inside of you and go, 'Oh, it's
mine.'No,
he's going to fill you up so that
you can just dump it out over in
Walmart and they'll go, 'What is on
you?'It's
the glory.
I remember hearing about a man
getting his haircut in
the
barbershop, and
a
man walked in and said,
'What's on you?'He had just come out of
a glorious service and the glory of God
was on him; he was
glowing with the glory. The man got
saved, got right with the Lord. It
wasn't about him; it was what he was
carrying.
And as we go into these services, we'll
go out to the workplaces and to
wherever and people are going to see it
on us and they're going to say, 'What is
it?''Come
with me, I'll show
you.'It's
just the glory. It's the glory.
The Lord has need of you. The Lord has
an appointment with you. And there'll be
translations.
And I'm going to start taking more
people to heaven and giving them back
the
testimony of what you're about to see
as a witness of what's on the other side
waiting for thee.
I will allow people to have
glimpses of hell and tell what
you can avoid if you come unto
me.
I see them having a
revelation—I
don't call it a
visitation but a
revelation—like
going and you see it and you have an
account of what's going on down there.
You'll have visions and you'll be
able to see it and give an account to
say, 'Listen, God does not want you to go
there.
You've got to
repent.'It
will shake them, and there will be
non-believing
Christians having a Road to Damascus
experience. And when they do, they'll
run to churches, the hard cases.
They'll have glimpses. Muslims
and
Buddhists will have glimpses of hell and
say,
'I need Jesus. I need
to be
saved.'Then
you'll have people have
visitations
from heaven
and they'll come back to tell about it
more and more. The Lord says,
'I'm going to do this more and more.
You're that close to looking beyond the
veil.'That's
how close we are. We're
about to get out of here.
Signs and wonders, the glory.
Heaven on earth.
Tapping into heaven on earth.
Shaking the hardest cases.
Thank you, Father.
Even in Branson.
Even in the auditoriums in Branson, Missouri—in
the theaters—the
glory of
the Lord
in the theaters.
It'll grow
even out of the theaters. I see
Billie's
place. And it will start to manifest
at Prayer Mountain. And you'll start
to grow out of there. And it'll be so
much so that they can't hold the
services in there. And it's going to
start going to the
theaters.
I see Hannah again.
He's getting us in the position.
We're getting in
position.
Are you ready? The harvest is plentiful
and the laborers are few.
Are you ready? He said, 'Are you ready
for the demonstrations and the
manifestations?'Oh
Father, we worship you.
Heaven on earth.
As I look at the Mabee Center, as I look
at ORU, as I look at Victory across
the street, as I look at these places,
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're
ready.
The glory, Lord,
the glory.
Certain places he's tried and tried
and tried to get you ready, and you've
been a
dam.
Oh, we're ready. You say a lot
and you quote things
because it's
parroting.
You've parroted it a lot, but yet you've
not prepared and cultivated an
atmosphere to get it ready there.
And he'll bypass it to the ones that are
prayerful, that had a prayer atmosphere
ready for him,
that have a yielded 'want to'. 'I want it.
I need it. I desire to go higher with you'versus
parroting
what you've heard in
books,
parroting
what you've heard in sermons
before, in prophetic words. It's easy to
parrot it, but it's another
thing to cultivate it and get ready.
Prepare the way of the Lord.
He's coming.
Prayer.
The seeds of prayer are at the altar,
and
they're springing forth much fruit.
Never look at a prayer as
empty—that
it never got heard by the Lord.
No, he brings
them up and he
remembers.
I saw him take the tears
of the people who've prayed and he
gathered them up and he brought them to
him and he breathed them in.
Your prayers are precious before the
Father.
I've seen it again. He gathered them up,
the tears of prayer, and he brought them
up to him and he breathed them in.
Oh, how much he loves us.
Oh Father, we give you praise and
glory.
We glorify
your name
in all the earth.
He said it again:
'You'll have to resist healing not
to get
healed.'It
will be as easy as breathing in air,
tapping into the healing.
You'll
have to say, 'I don't want
it.'You'll
have to reject it.
That's how easy it is to be healed. Do
you hear me? You'll reject it by just
saying,
'I don't want it.'It will
be that tangible.
We glorify
your name
in all the earth.
He's going to work on the hardest of
hearts, the hardest of cases.
I see even the dead
being raised and they bring the
dead—I'm
talking
about just being in the atmosphere. It's
going to raise them up.
Certain services will be known for
certain things. Certain people will
carry certain things
more than others. I see certain things.
It's like when you go and say,
'Well, there's oil in this service.
There's wind in this
service.'Certain
services will be known for
certain things.
It's almost like
what's on the menu?
A joy will empty—a Holy Ghost
laughter again, a refreshing of Holy
Ghost laughter. There
are
so many sober, somber people
who
are just so
rigid and cranky,
and the Lord wants to revive the old
wells.
It's like cultivating
what used to be so refreshed and
happy inside of you, but you've gotten
so callous and cranky.
Just
a refreshing on
the people.
It's like when you see the wave come in
and go back out.
A refreshing of the glory,
a refreshing on the drinking of the Holy
Spirit. Just filling yourself up, you
go out and tell the people about it
and come back in days of heaven on
earth. You'll be like, 'Man, I don't even
know what day of the week it is because
I'm just so refreshed in the presence of God.'And then the rapture of the
church comes out of it. It
will be like
the children of Israel;
their garments didn't grow
bad, their shoes stayed whole,
and there was
no feeble one among them.
They were all healed and
whole as they walked out of Egypt.
This will be a sign and a wonder of what
I will do to my bride in these last days,
without spot or wrinkle, and the
manifestations of
the glory will be on her.
I'm bringing the bride to my side.
The dark's going to get darker, but the
light will get lighter.
It's time
to expect. I'm
cleaning my church right now
from the
wolves in sheep's clothing. I'm
cleansing the church right now
as we speak. 1 Corinthians 5:5 is
manifesting in you, and the full
manifestation is happening in my
churches, for judgment begins in my
house first.
As you pour in the water, it brings all
the other stuff to the surface.
It's cleansing, and
a
new wine and new wineskin
are
springing forth. I'm bringing forth a
new glory out of you. From glory to glory,
He's changing us
into
His likeness and image to perfect in me
the love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
That's how it's going to go. From glory
to glory,
we're just going to
go out of here like that.
We're not leaving defeated;
we're leaving glorious.
The church is leaving with its head
held high—His church,
the blood-bought, the
redeemed. Do you belong to Him?
Are you His?
Is He yours?
Does He know you?
You may know a lot about Him, but does
He know you?
He's changing
us
into
that glorious church.
That's what we're about to see. I
see it. And what's interesting is it
looks like spring months, summer months.
Oh Father, let it be this year.
Let it be now.
Lord,
let us see and taste
just a
thimbleful.
Oh Lord, let us have some
right now.
I don't know what the date is for the
full manifestation to start,
but Lord, let us have a preview, a
sample. Lord,
let's start having samples in church.
I want to hear about it from
the people in the comment section and the
emails. Let us
have
a taste of it.
Lord, let it be.
We've waited, Father, and I'm so excited
about it. Father, what's the
first domino to fall?
I know You want this more than we
do. What's the mechanism to make it
go?
How do we make it
happen? Is it
just a Moed appointed time?
Lord, I want to see it so badly, and I
know everyone watching wants
to
see it too.
Father, we press. We
want to see it in Bible
colleges.
We know You want the unsaved more
than we do.
Father,
I thank You for President Trump.
Protect him. Give
him wisdom on the decisions
he's making, that he's going from
glory to glory. Let the decisions
he's making
be
led by You
in the valley
of decision all around him, in
the name of Jesus.
Father, You put godly people all around
him.
I thank You that those godly people
are all around him right now. Let
him take
no
counsel from the ungodly concerning how
he handles Iran. Father,
visit him in the midnight hour.
I thank You, Lord, for how he
handles Cuba, North
Korea, and all these
different places. Let him be
led by Your Spirit in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, that all
those around him
provide
godly counsel,
that he is protected, and that no weapon
formed against him shall prosper. Let
him repent
where he needs to.
We give You all the
glory, honor, and
praise. We call the economy to turn
around. We call protection as we see the
signs follow them that believe
from all over
the
world.
I call in the name of Jesus in Canada
for a major move of God starting even
this year for what Oral Roberts saw in the
sky for a great wakeup call to manifest
and fearful sights you will see that
bring you to your knee. We call forth
going
from glory to glory,
that we pull ourselves up out of that
'woe
is
me'mentality,
grab hold of
what You have for us, and take the
land in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, that the revival starts
with us and with
the youth. We call forth the youth to
stir in the name of Jesus. You told me,
Father, that the devil came after the
youth hard, but You are coming after them
harder. There will be a major
revival through the youth and
the colleges. And we will see
the greatest harvest of souls this
generation has ever seen.
Shake Iran
in the midnight hour. Shake
Iran. Get rid of the Ayatollah
Khamenei.
Shake this nation.
Shake America.
As we turn to being one
nation under God, we call forth a
mighty move and the sound of a mighty
rushing wind over our nation again.
We will not be a goat nation; we will
remain a sheep nation.
We call forth our
pastors to preach repentance
and
holiness in
the church again. Behind the pews, there will be
cloven tongues as of
fire—the
glorious church rising in this hour.
Father, on our pews and
church benches, there
will
be fire on the altar
and
fire in the
seats of the
auditorium. The glorious church will
rise out of a seemingly lukewarm
state and come up under a fire
of the glorious gospel, and it will be
spread throughout this world as a
witness unto You.
And then the end will come.
I thank You, Father, that You're not
done yet.
There's one
more round.
We get our hearts right before You. We
repent of evil
doing and
of demonic open
doors.
We shut the doors in the
name of Jesus. If
you have sin in your life, repent
before a holy God. Repent,
for the kingdom of God is at hand.
Repent,
Oh God, do it again.
Oh God, visit this land one more time.
Do it again, Lord.
Move throughout Europe. Move throughout
Africa. Move throughout South America
and Asia. Move throughout all of
the Middle East. Shake us once again,
oh God.
Revive us again in our churches where
we've become lukewarm.
Father, the greater the dryness,
the greater the fire. The
greater the fire, the greater
the glory.
Oh God, I thank you, Lord, that you visit
the schools.
You visit us again. Lord,
when we do our National Day of Prayer
in
May, I call a Holy
Ghost sound, the sound of a mighty rushing wind,
as my people who are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and turn
from their wicked ways. Then we will
hear from heaven, and you said
you would heal our land.
I call forth a mighty rushing wind. I
call a mighty prayer revival.
For revival starts with us,
that there will be a major red wave,
Father—not
of a political party, but
Father, of the glory of God
from sea to shining sea.
Shake our nation. Shake our
land. Shake Canada. Then a major
revival brings forth out of that,
olive press glorious word, the great
glorious gospel all throughout Canada in
Jesus'name.
All in Ireland,
all in England, Iceland,
Greenland—I
don't care wherever it may
be—the
glory of the Lord is risen on
me.
I thank you, Father.
We call forth healing and demonstrations
of the glory on these people
represented here today, on their
marriages. I call restoration of
marriages. I call fire back in
the marriage, and that what
they fell in love with before, Father,
they'll stir it back up again.
It's the devil that comes to kill,
steal, and destroy, but you said you
come that we might have life and life
more abundantly, even in our marriages.
We call refreshing in our marriages,
refreshing in our children, joy in our
homes, and peace that passes all
understanding.
Satan, get your hands off of our homes.
The joy of the Lord is on our
households. The joy of the Lord is on
our churches. The joy is back in our
homes and peace.
You believe it.
You've got to contend and say, 'I
believe. I receive. You will not bring
this on us anymore.'We have
healing in our homes. We have
deliverance in our homes. We're full of
joy in our homes. Do you either believe
it or you don't?
And I thank you, Father, that you shake
Hollywood, that you shake the Super
Bowls, you shake the Oscars, you
shake the events that are
coming. You shake them, Father.
Bring people with a backbone like a
crowbar and bring forth revival in the
Kardashians and in Justin
Bieber.
I don't
just bring in Justin and Hailey; bring
revival back in them. Bring revival in
Chris. Bring revival in the people of
Hollywood like Jelly Roll and all
them. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you bring in a glory in them and that
the light would be shining on their
faces so much that there'll be
no compromise.
I thank you, Father, that you'll use Mel
Gibson and the movie The Passion of
the
Christ 2 that's coming out next year.
I thank you, Father.
Oh Lord, do it again. Oh
Lord,
do it
again.
The manifestations of the
glory—I
thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father.
Oh Lord, we thank you, Lord.
We put angels all around.
And we thank you, Father, for the angels
of the Lord.
We thank you, Father, for the churches
that are so ready. They're
just
ready to bust; they're so full in
anticipation.
The
prayer level is up, and we have a
glorious expectation, Father, for other
things
and
healings.
Oh God, there are so many people that
have been standing for so long for so
many things, even like us.
I thank you, Lord, the expiration date is
here now.
Father, you paid the price
for us to walk in it today, not later.
Always looking for the future,
always looking for tomorrow... well,
why not today?
Why not for the glory to fill your house
today? It's always coming,
but
why not today, Brandon?
Why not today for your miracle? Why not
have a glorious outpouring today in your
car?
Not always, 'Well, it's coming in the
sweet by and by, brother.'I heard it.
Why not today?
Well, you know, I heard about it coming
in the last days. We're
going to see a revival. We keep talking
about why not today?
I yield to the anointing of the
prophetic. I yield to the anointing of
healing. I yield to the healing
evangelism anointing. I yield to the
anointing of a watcher. I yield to
the anointing of demonstrations
and manifestations of the glory. I yield
to everything God has for me.
I will lack no good thing.
My marriage will lack no good thing. My
finances will lack no good thing. I
yield to the anointing of being a good
husband, a good father. Say that.
Husbands: I yield to it; I'm anointed to be
a good father. I'm anointed to be a good
husband. I'm anointed to be a good
leader of this house.
Wives: I'm anointed to be a good wife.
I'm anointed to be a good mother. I'm
anointed to be a good homemaker, or
whatever God's called you. I'm anointed.
I'm a single mother; I'm anointed to be
a single mother for this season of my
life.
Doesn't mean you have to always be.
Believe God for another spouse. God will
bring you
somebody—widows,
single moms, whatever. I believe God
that
this is not your end; it's a new
beginning.
God's a merciful God, and he wants you to
have joy in your house.
Single parents, single fathers, single
grandparents raising grandkids because
the parents are in jail or whatever: joy
in your house.
He'll give you your youth; it is renewed
like the eagles, and you can finish this
race strong raising these youngsters.
You're
an
elder and you're like, 'Man, I'm 70 years
old. I shouldn't be raising grandkids
right
now.'Thank
God for you.
Give them a second wind,
Lord.
Give them strength to finish
strong.
Don't let them be weary in
well-doing,
Father. Give them a wind in their sail
that they can do this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for godly men
and women raising up godly children.
I thank you, Father, that you give them
the grace to get the job done and the
finances to get it done. Stretch it,
Father. Give them abundant supply.
Pay off people's houses. There's some people—Brandon,
pray—believe
God for
me to pay off my house. Our pastors are
one of them. Exceedingly abundantly
above all that they dare ask or think.
Some people say, 'I've got 10 years on my
mortgage.'Let's
believe God to pay it
off. Do you believe that?
I say we owe no man anything but to love
him, to be completely
debt-free—student
loans,
all credit card debt paid off. No more
high
interest rates.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for this is the
day for whatever we ask or think.
Oh Lord, we thank you that you're
liberating the people of Iran right now
as we speak. You're liberating the
people of Iran from the Ayatollah committee.
You're liberating the people of Iran
from the tyrant government in Cuba and
in all these—Father, for a major
revival is going to break forth in Iran
right now as we speak.
I see it.
A major revival breaking forth in Iran.
And people are weeping in the streets
because they just got liberated.
Push the button; I can see it.
They're liberated. They're free. They're
laying down their arms. They're laying
down things and they're saying, 'I just
want a free tomorrow,
a new tomorrow,'in
Jesus'name.
It's a window for a
window.
How does Ezekiel 38 and 39 come out? A
window is a window.
Doesn't mean they raise up because...
remember what the Lord said.
They've been in that
way of thinking for so long; it's inside
of them.
But it doesn't mean the church doesn't rise
up and have a glorious movement.
They can have a window.
The
window is not very big,
but it's a window nevertheless.
And I believe God is able to go in and
have a glory explosion right
there. And you're asking, 'How?
How?'But
God,
He's merciful.
I thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord. We repent,
Father, for having doubt and unbelief.
Forgive us, Father.
Forgive us, Father; that will never
happen. No, I believe, Father.
I believe, Lord; help my unbelief.
I believe, Lord,
that you can do it again. All throughout
Canada, all throughout Australia. Oh,
help my unbelief, Lord. That's what you
have to say, you yourself.
Some of you go, 'Well, that never
happened.'No,
I believe it.
They've been underneath that Iron
Curtain and that tyrant government.
How much more for our brothers and
sisters in Iran—the people that are
Christians, the underground church in
Iran—to
have victory? A window of
this revival for the people there
in North Korea, in these areas that
have never had the freedoms that you and
I take for granted every single day
in America
and, quite frankly, even in Australia. You
can go to church
in
Canada,
Mexico; you go to church,
but if they go to church, they'll lose
their life.
They need revival,
not serving a false god, but our God,
our great God, Jehovah.
He wants that no one should perish, but
all come to repentance.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Oh, Father, forgive us, Father, for
being selfish. Some go, 'Well, I
believe, Lord.
I believe you can do it.
I believe, Father.
I believe you can do it,
Lord.'Oh,
the glory of your presence, the
healing power and the manifestation of
your glory, Father.
Oh, Father,
do it again. Lord,
all throughout Miami,
all throughout Houston, all throughout
Dallas, all throughout Phoenix, all
throughout the East, all throughout
this nation, God,
Toronto, and British Columbia, Father,
there's so many
places that just need a fresh touch: LA,
San Francisco. My goodness, Lord, what
would it be like to see a major move of
God? I can see it.
Father, do it again.
And Father, I thank you, Lord. As for me
and
my house, we will help you.
The glory, the glory,
the glory, the glorious church rising,
the glorious church, Father.
Oh Lord, the glory. I see the cloud the
size of a man's hand.
It's
beginning to rain.
It's beginning to rain.
It's beginning to rain
on your sons and your daughters.
He's promised to pour His spirit out on
your sons and your daughters.
Thank you, Father. It's beginning to
rain,
Lord.
I see the cloud.
We see a cloud the size of a man's
hand.
The drought is over and a great mighty
rushing rain, wind,
refreshing is coming on the church.
Shake them, Father. Shake them. Wake
them up.
It's time.
One last call.
One more push.
Oh, Father, we thank you
for
the glory of the Lord. Father,
for the glory,
Father, we thank you.
Oh, Father, we give you praise,
for Father, you want it more than what
we do.
He wants it more than what you do. You
think, 'Well, how come he had to...?'He wants
it more than what you do. Where
is
it at? I believe.
Help my unbelief. I believe.
We get right before you.
We shut the doors that need to be shut,
and we thank you, Lord, that you're
opening the ones that need to be open.
We repent. That's all I can think of. We
repent before a holy God. Repent,
Father. Forgive us of our sins. Cleanse
us from all unrighteousness. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that we are the
righteousness of God in Christ Jesus.
And Father, I thank you now that we've
repented. Father, we are joint heirs with
Jesus Christ. We're wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost. Isn't it amazing even how this
video started today?
I wasn't expecting that,
to see that above the baby center.
And all of a sudden, when I started
praying, I thought, 'I wonder what he's
going to do
today.'Every
video is always so different,
isn't it?
What does he want to say today? He wants
us to believe. I thought it was so
cool watching those drops of oil
fall on people with the gold dust in it.
It was like pearl;
when you see oil, it had pearl. It had
little pearls and it had gold all in it.
And as it was sprinkling on the people,
it was leaving the residue of the gold
and the pearl.
And it had a fragrance and it was coming
out of the atmosphere, out of
seemingly nowhere.
But as they were worshiping, the angels
were singing in
your ear—your natural ear could
hear the worship from heaven.
But it wasn't just you or whoever; it
was the whole auditorium filled with the
whole glory. You could hear them singing.
They were singing the songs in heaven
and the people were singing along,
and you could hear it all throughout the
auditorium.
It was like a speaker, but it was open.
Your ears were opened to the great cloud
of witnesses.
And I could see it happening. I'm
going to do something different with
this revival that I've never done
before. Azusa had its time.
What I'm about to do will be something
that will be
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. Heaven is going
to invade earth.
Heaven is invading earth. That's what
you're going to see:
on earth as it is in heaven.
A taste of the glory, but
it will be something that's going to be
wow.
I'm telling you, I saw healings, but
it wasn't just about the healings; it
was about the demonstrations of the
glory in the atmosphere.
Heaven on earth,
the peace, the fragrance, the things.
And I don't know how else to describe
it to you. Auditoriums that will change.
And I saw the angels clapping their
hands, and as they did, a wind
moved through the auditorium,
and it was blowing a wind in the
atmosphere and the air conditioner
wasn't on.
You're asking, 'Is that a
fan?'No.
No eye has seen, nor
ear has heard, nor entered into the heart
of man the things that God has prepared
for those that love him.
Watch what God is about to do. The
angels'wings—can
you imagine that?
Your hair is blowing back. You're
saying,
'My hair is moving.'I mean, even
Braden's hair is moving. You see, I'll
feel it on my bald head.
Woo! I feel something. What?
Your clothes?
Yeah, my clothes will move.
The angel comes up there and just
rubs
it.
It's shining with the glory. There it
is. Put a veil over the angel. Touch it.
It starts to squeak. It looks like Mr.
Clean's head. Bing! It's the glory beaming
off of it. I'll move around.
That'd be funny, wouldn't it?
Hallelujah.
We'll just have church all the time. Some
say,
'Well, just have
church?'I
think you'll see Brandon fast a
lot. He'll be like, 'What did
Brandon do?'He lost a lot of weight because he
didn't leave the church service. He
never ate.
He was in there. I'll be like so skinny
he comes out of there, they'll say, 'Was he
on Ozempic?'No, he's on the glory.
I'm not kidding. I will never leave.
My kids are asleep in the pews.
I am not leaving when the glory of the
Lord's in there. The usher will be
gone. You're going to go home. I'm saying,
'No, we're staying outside in the tent.
We're waiting for the next service to
start.'I'm
so hungry. And when you are
that hungry, when you're desperate... Blessed
are those that hunger and thirst
after righteousness, for they will be
filled. Blessed, oh Lord. I
thank you, Lord.
You're saying, 'I believe, God.
I believe, Father, that you're going to
touch this generation for us,
that we will taste and see in another
level that the Lord is
good.'I
already see his goodness and mercy all
the time, but on another level:
heaven on earth, walking in the glory
with signs following them that believe.
Oh, Father,
I believe.
Fill this house. Fill the fragrance of
the Lord in my home today.
Oh, fill us, Father. And if they don't
want to go, if people don't want to go
higher around you, find people who do.
You'll find somebody. Go to a church
that wants it. You know, you say, "Well,
my church doesn't want it, Brandon. I'm in
a dried-up Baptist church and they
don't have nothing."I talked to a girl. She
said,
"I go to a Southern Baptist church
and our church is so
dry."Find
a church that's on fire,
or you take the fire to them.
You set the heart ablaze.
Maybe you're there to be the fire. I
don't know.
But all I know is that if
it was me in my house, I'd find a church
that's on fire. I wouldn't sit
around saying, "Well, I've been in
this church for the last 30 years and I
haven't given up
hope."I
would just say, "Hey, maybe it's time
to replant.
Find some place to stir you
up."I'm
so thankful you come here, but
I'm just saying I want to be a part of
this end-time revival. And I'm telling
you, it's going to be in Branson. It's
going to be in Oklahoma. It's
going to be in
little country churches where you go,
"Why there?"Because God is there. And the
prayer has been cultivated there for years
in
the most unlikely places,
little bitty towns. You're going to go,
"Really? This little
town?"Watch
what the Lord does.
I just want to be a part of it.
Me and my wife and my children, we
will be.
And I pray you will be, too.
So, I pray this video blessed you today.
It blessed us. It blessed me.
I feel refreshed. I don't know if you
do, but I pray it went through the
camera. I feel refreshed. Braden, you
feel refreshed.
I
feel a little bit of Holy Ghost drunk on
me. I feel the glory, the heaviness of
the glory in my house right now.
It's on me. It's on my arms.
I start going, "Whoa,
I love
it."Oh,
the glory.
It weighs heavy on your flesh.
It makes my arms feel like jello
and your whole insides.
Isn't it amazing what it does to
your flesh? When we get our
glorified
bodies,
it will be wonderful.
Oh, the glory.
I
love your presence.
Oh Father,
all the glory.
Thank you, Father,
that they sleep
soundly.
Many of you don't get restful sleep at
night, and the Lord wants you to sleep
well.
Taste and see that the Lord is good. I
break insomnia in Jesus'name. The Lord
said, "Take authority over insomnia.
Go now, in Jesus'name, insomnia."And we
call restful, peaceful sleep over His
beloved,
so
that when they put their head on the
pillow, it's uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force. No more
torment, Father. Let them rest in good, sound
sleep in the name of Jesus.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when
your eyes
are on
this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
New TV equipment
and
new stuff for broadcasting what's
about to take place.
Believe big
so you can document it
for YouTube
and
Facebook
so they'll see the goodness of God.
Asbury was nothing
compared to what I'm telling
you all.
Oh, Father, do it again.
Refreshing.
We won't dishonor the
glory.
We won't dishonor
you.
We humble ourselves before you.
We will not dishonor
the presence of God.
We honor you, Father. We humble
ourselves
before a holy God.
On earth as it is in heaven.
Heaven on earth, Father.
And we say, "God,
give us this day our daily
bread."Thank
you, Father, for the
abundant blessing to get the job done,
that we have overflow.
We call for the cryptos. We call
for things to turn around.
Father, you don't
need to use that. You could use whatever
you want to. You have a million and one ways
to get us a million dollars. You can do
whatever you need to do. People
say
we try to limit
God—it
has to be through this cryptocurrency,
or
this pink
currency,
or
this precious metal. And if you don't,
Lord, you're limited.
God, if you could pay the
Lord
Jesus's taxes with a coin coming out of a
fish's mouth, how much more could you do
it again today?
How much more? If the Lord could pay
his taxes out of a coin from a fish's
mouth,
how much more could you use an
angel? How much more could you use even
the neighbor's dog?
Who knows? The neighbor's dog could dig
it up out of the yard, an old
ancient treasure,
and set it on
your porch. You'd go, "Where'd that come
from? What is that? That's a diamond!"And
the
Lord
says,
"Surprise,
surprise."God's
a God of surprises.
Why not be like Gomer
Pyle?
"Surprise, surprise!"You know, it's the
way you want to be.
Braden's laughing at me here. Well,
hallelujah. We're so grateful for
every one of you to be here today. Thank
you for being here. We love y'all.
I'm expecting the
best is yet to come.
I'll end it there. We'll be back
again.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. I'm
feeling so drunk, Braden.
The glory is so heavy.
I can just feel it.
It's all over my stomach and my body.
I feel like I've run
and am
moving
in slow motion.
It's absolutely incredible what it does
to your flesh.
I feel it in my blood.
The glory comes on you.
Thank you, Lord.
I don't know if it goes through the camera or
not, but I don't really care.
I
needed to pray strength today, Lord.
I needed a fresh
strength.
Thank you.
I'm not satisfied with this. I want
more.
Praise the Lord, y'all. Remember,
put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.